All right.
So our user, they can log in and they can create a category, right.
But obviously we want that to happen only for the admin user.
So the admin should be able to access that decimal and create categories, posts and things like that.
So that means we have to perform some kind of a take when they logging.
So that's what we're going to do now.
So let's go on.
Let me just close all these.
So let's go to our client and let's go to Page is sign in.
So whenever users sign in for the first time.
I mean, it's an every time.
So we get this response from back in, which has all the information about the user, including the
users.
All right.
So based on the role, we can redirect the user now to the correct phase.
So if it is admin, we take them to admin less desperate.
Otherwise later, if the user is also, then we will redirect them to decimals less also.
Right.
So that's how we going to take them to a different place.
So at the moment, we just want a focus for the admin user.
All right.
So that means unfinished.
We get the response here.
So instead of just pushing them to the homepage, we can redirect based on their role.
So we can take for that.
So we can do that here if we take for the data.
And then on data, we want to access the user.
And then from user, we want to access the role.
Right.
So if the user role is admin, I guess if it is admin, then we want to redirect them to less admin
based else.
If.
Data.
User role equals equals equals subscriber.
Actually, we going to have the author as well and all our names are going to be going to have the capital
starting later.
So let's keep it like that.
So if the user is admin, we take them to admin.
If the user is user role is also, I guess we will take them to alter else else.
Then every other user will have the role of subscribe so that for that we don't have to do any take
like this.
So if for everyone else we take them, do subscribe.
Beautiful.
Now once you have this take, we will be able to redirect the user to a different space based on their
URL.
Okay.
So at the moment this user, I think we changed this useful to admin.
Let me just take you.
All right.
We made this user admin manually in the previous video, so let's, let's try it for a log in.
Now, when we log in because this is admin, we should be redirected to less admin space.
Let's give it a try.
You can see we have been redirected to admit it's beautiful right now.
Let's try to log in as a different user.
Lisa Ryan five.
And then this user is a subscriber.
So we have been redirected to a subscriber base.
Now obviously displays we don't have yet.
So we have got this for for him.
But that's are we going to create it later anyways.
So let's leave it like that.
I guess so.
That's good.
So this is good.
Now what we need to also do, let me just log.
What we need to do here is when they click on the decimal, so we will.
So this desperate for all the users, whether it's admin, author, subscriber doesn't matter.
We will show this to everyone, but obviously based on the role of the options they will get here will
be limited.
All right.
So admin will have all these options, also will have limited options.
Maybe just create the post categories.
Take out the comment I get to.
That's all for author and for subscribe.
They can basically only leave a comment.
All right.
So that's how it's going to turn.
However, you can see here.
We want to make this dynamic so based on the users role when they click here.
We don't want to have to sue the admin.
So instead we.
We can call it desperate.
And here we can choose to use this name, right?
And then every user will see this link that will say desperate.
However, when they click, it will take them to a different place based on their role.
So let's work on this navigation.
So it's good to component stop nav and.
Let's go to that link.
That is a dashboard.
So we've got the brand name with got sign up, sign in.
And we have got this admin link.
So here, instead of calling it dashboard, as you can see you instead of calling it desperate, let's
show the logged in users name.
All right, so here.
Title, we think for the authenticated user.
Let's make sure we have the answers from the context which we have.
That's great.
Okay, so let's go back here.
So we take for the office.
If we have that, then we try to access the user.
And then if we have the user, we try to access the user's name.
Now, for some reason, sometimes because of errors, also, you might get some kind of a you may not
get any value.
So in that case, we will just
we could.
So some default name, however.
Actually, let's just use desperate.
I think we tried to sort of use this name and by default we have the value, but obviously we would
be showing the user's name.
I can see here we will show the user's name and here we can show link for the desperate.
So instead of calling it admin, we can call it.
Desperate.
Beautiful.
Know, what we need to do here is instead of this hardcoded value, we have to dynamically get this
value just like we did in the sign in.
So based on the rule, if it is admin, we return admin.
If it is also we reach an author, otherwise we will return subscriber.
So we have to do some dynamic return here.
The hatred.
So what are we going to do is we can discard this out.
So a header if we need the dynamic value here.
Right.
So we can use a function for that.
So let's call it role based link
and we execute this function.
All right.
And let's read this function.
So in this function, what we want to do is this function will take for the authenticated user this
user's role and mission, the role it will return a string.
So if it is admin, it will return SLAs admin string.
Otherwise it will return.
Also, you know, it's like.
I guess at this function, that's what it will do.
So let's go ahead and put this function that we will have the dynamic link here to.
Let's go on top.
And we can put that here, John.
For Basslink, it will stoop to the unit to create this function so that we can return a dynamic string
so we can take here if if us user group.
So basically what we did here in the sign interpreting months, we can actually, if you want, you
can even copy this code that we just wrote.
So it's got that coming here.
In the space that he.
I guess if the users admin now this time we're not going to.
Execute this code instead of we just going to return this string,
we just returned like that.
So if it is admin, we return admin.
Otherwise if it is also will return also otherwise return subscriber.
Beautiful.
Now you can see this function will return a different.
The devout different Parthenon based on the role.
And this function is executed right here.
Couldn't find.
Rule based links or may have some type of solid copy this one.
It's worth.
No, it's it's correct.
Okay.
So I had s express.
I guess it's perfect.
All right, so let's give this a try.
Let's try this.
Okay.
So it shouldn't be done.
It should be us, right?
And because.
Apart from the context.
Okay.
Let's try.
Listen, let's sign in as a regular user.
Our service uses regular use of Strava, so he has been redirected to subscribe.
You can see the user's name is here if it is still his taking to the subscriber base.
As you can see here, if you click on the dashboard.
He goes to subscribe is as expert in profit.
Now we don't have the offer, but it will definitely work.
We can actually.
Let's let's go ahead and make this another user, Ryan, to let's make him possible.
Ryan is Edmund Ryan to his author and everyone else's subscriber.
Okay.
So that has been updated.
So we got the author as well to just give it a try.
Let's try.
Logan is Ryan too?
Okay, so this round also we don't have.
That's right.
You see this for fun, but we have been redirected to the right here.
Ryan, do.
That's the name dashboard.
That's in December.
Beautiful.
So works.
Now let's log in as admin.
All right.
So it works.
Beautiful.
I guess this is just the redirecting, but still anyone can access this this desperately.
Still it is not secure.
We just have this navigation fixed.
But for example, anyone can manually try to go to admin.
They still can because we don't have we haven't secured the place yet.
We just worked on the the links and redirects.
All right.
So let's go ahead and see how we can secure the piece.